From Dr. Christopher Robert, Head of delegation United Nation/ IMF and World Bank, Payment Investigation Committee. Please Get Back to Us.

United Nation
760 United Nations Plaza,
Manhattan, New York, City United States.
New York,10017-6818,
United States
Phone:+ 1 760 428 2006
Date:9/11/2022


From Dr. Christopher Robert
Head of delegation United Nation/
World Bank Investigation Committee.

To the knowledge of the Beneficiary.

I am Dr Christopher Robert the Head of delegation United Nation/ World
Bank and IMF Investigation Committee on foreign payment we write in
respect of your fund which we discovered, that has not been release to
you, this discovery was made in the cause of our investigation, but
Subject to your confirmation.

The Committee was setup by the United Nation in conjunction with the
World Bank and the IMF after their  joint meeting on Monday the 3d of
October 2022 between the UN secretary general Mr. Antonio Guterres,
the IMF President Mrs. Kristalina Georgieva, the World Bank President
Mr. David Robert Malpass and directors of the appointed payment banks.

After series of petitions/ complains received from individuals and
organizations mostly the scam victims, from different parts of the
world in respect to funds owned to them especially from African
countries it’s unfortunate that some of the beneficiaries are late;
their families sent the petition to us in regard to their outstanding
payment.

In your payment file, we saw the sum of $5.2 million in your favor
which we have approved.

Please we demand, kindly clarify this.

Did you at any time instruct one Mr. LUIS JORGE EUAN CALDERON  to
claim your fund, we saw this bank details and address in your payment
file claiming you instructed him to receive your fund on your behalf.

His residential address
Mr. LUIS JORGE EUAN CALDERON
Calle 51 a n 470 d x 32 y 32 col vicente solis cp97189
merida yucatan mexico.

His bank information.

Bank Name:  SANTANDER
Country of the Bank:  MEXICO
Branch address:    0085 SUC FRANCISCO DE MONTEJO
Account type:  ESTADO DE CUENTA INTEGRAL IPAB
IBAN Number:
SWIFT code:  BMSXMXMMMER
Routing number: 021502341
Account number: 06298220

Please confirm now, this clarification is very important to us for
record purpose.

For your information the following banks were appointed for this
payment exercise to be monitored by this committee,

They include Lloyd's Bank London, Agricultural Bank of China and CMB
WING LUNG Bank Hong Kong.

Funds has been allocated to them by the World Bank it's also important
 I inform you that $5.2m, has been approved in your name by this
Committee.

Your fund release approvals/ Clearance from the Untied Nation, the
World Bank and the IMF authorizing the immediate release of your fund
have been secured.

Please we have the mandate to conclude this payment exercise before
the end of this month and all the approved beneficiaries must receive
their Fund.

Please get back to us immediately for further directive.

This is your fund payment approval Number: UN/IMF/WB/XLbCWLBH/2022.


Regards
Dr Christopher Robert
